





Epitech Paris                                         Le Kremlin-Bicêtre
Request for Comments: 1                                  Bouzidi Wassini
Category: RFC my_teams                                      Brice Bougha
                                                         Julien de-waele
                                                               June 2022


        Using my_teams protocol to implement a simple teams clone

Abstract

   This document describes how to use the my_teams protocol to do sev-
   eral commands, like login; create a team, a channel, a thread and a
   a reply. You also can list them, send a private message to another
   user, and so on. Finally you can logout.

Status of This Memo

   "0" is used to print threads from a channel.
   "1" is used when the user try to do an action and the resource alr-
   eady exist.
   "2" is used when the user try to do an action he is not allowed to
   perform
   "3" is used when the user try to do an action with a channel that
   does not exist (list threads, create thread, etc...)
   "4" is used when the user try to do an action with a team that do-
   es not exist (list channels, subscribe, etc...)
   "5" is used when the user try to do an action with a thread that
   does not exist (list replies, create reply, etc...)
   "6" is used when the user try to do an action with a user that does
   not exist (send private message, /user)
   "7" is used when a channel is created inside of a team
   "8" is used when a user successfully login to the server (/login).
   When you log in (/login) you should also receive from the server
   this event.
   "9" is used when a user logged out (/logout or lost connexion).
   When you log out (/logout) you should also receive the event before
   quitting.
   "10" is used when the current logged user receives a private message
   "11" is used when a new team is created
   "12" is used when a new thread is created
   "13" is used when a channel is created inside of a team
   "14" is used when a new reply is posted in a thread
   "15" is used when you requested an individual channel
   "16" is used when you create channel successfully
   "17" is used when you create a reply successfully
   "18" is used when you subscribe to a team successfully
   "19" is used when you requested an individual team
   "20" is used when you create a team successfully
   "21" is used when you requested a list of teams from the server
   "22" is used when you requested an individual thread
   "23" is used when you create a thread successfully
   "24" is used when you unsubscribe from a team successfully
   "25" is used when you requested an individual user
   "26" is used when you requested a list of users from the server
   "27" is used to display help message
   "28" is used when you requested a list of private messages
   "29" is used when you requested a list of channels from the server
   "30" is used when you requested a list of replies from the server
   "31" is used to display other error
   "32" is used when you requested a list of teams from the server
   "33" is used when user use something




Epitech Students           my_teams project                   [Page 01]
